WRO-12406: Fixed not inserting title into the output HTML (#113)
enactjs/dev-utils: CHANGELOG.md

# unreleased

> * `WebOSMetaPlugin`: Fixed not inserting title into the output HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `WebOSMetaPlugin`: Fixed to insert a title into the output HTML.
```
